Add hostname issues dashboard (#23800)
DataDog/integrations-core: apm_hostname_issues/README.md

# APM Hostname Issues

## Overview

> This dashboard helps diagnose APM hostname configuration issues. It shows services emitting hostnames that resemble pod names or empty hostnames, both of which can impact your product experience and are resolvable with proper configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dashboard helps diagnose APM hostname configuration issues. It shows services emitting hostnames that resemble pod names or empty hostnames, both of which can impact your product experience and can be resolved with proper configuration.
```

Reviewer: Minor update for [active voice](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#active-voice)

> These issues can occur for all OpenTelemetry setups (Collector and DDOT) as well as Datadog Agent setups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These issues can occur for all OpenTelemetry setups, including Collector, Datadog OpenTelemetry Distro (DDOT), and Datadog Agent setups.
```

Reviewer: Suggesting a rephrasing so that DDOT can be spelled out in its first usage on the page

## Setup

No additional setup is required. This dashboard appears automatically when `datadog.apm.hostname_issue` metrics are detected in your environment.

To resolve hostname configuration issues, see:
- [OpenTelemetry hostname tagging][1]
- [Agent hostname configuration in containers][2]

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][4] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

### Events

The APM Hostname Issues integration does not include any events.

### Service Checks

The APM Hostname Issues integration does not include any service checks.
  
```

Reviewer: This is standard for integrations, and necessary here given the presence of the `metadata.csv` file.

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Datadog support][3].

[1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/opentelemetry/config/hostname_tagging/?tab=host
[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/troubleshooting/hostname_containers/?tab=datadogoperator

> [3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
[4]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/apm_hostname_issues/metadata.csv
```
